add flag `apply-profiles-recursively`; change default behavior for multi-config projects (#5755)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/design/config.md

### Profile Activation in required configs

> Skaffold will try to apply `profiles` specified by the `--profile` flag, recursively to all configurations imported as dependencies. This behavior can be disabled by setting the `--apply-profiles-recursively` flag to `false`.

Reviewer: Maybe "propagates" instead of "recursively"?
```suggestion
Skaffold recursively applies profiles specified by the `--profile` flag to all configurations imported as dependencies. This behavior can be disabled by setting the `--apply-profiles-recursively` flag to `false`.
```

What happens if a dependent config doesn't specify that profile?  Is it silently dropped?
